Update learn pages (#1714)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/running-ballerina-code.md

### Ballerina Runtime Configurable Variables

A Ballerina runtime can be configured using configurable variables, which can be configured using `Config.toml` file. 
`Config.toml` file may or may not provide configuration values for configurable variables that are used in the program. 
Ballerina currently supports configurable variables of types `int`, `float`, `boolean`, `string`, `decimal` and the arrays of respective types. 
See [Configurable BBE](/swan-lake/learn/by-example/configurable.html) for more details.

Consider the following example, which uses configurable variables.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;

configurable int id = ?;
configurable string name = "Ann";
configurable boolean married = true;

public function main() {
  io:println("User ID : ", id);
  io:println("User Name : ", name);
  io:println("Married : ", married);
}
```

`?` denotes that `id` is a required configuration, hence `Config.toml` file must contain a value for key `id`.
If a default value assigned, the configuration is optional, hence `Config.toml` file may or may not contain a values for
configurable variables `name` and `married`.
Consider the below `Config.toml` file.
```toml

> id = 1001

Reviewer: We have a mandatory structure as 
```toml 
[module-name]
id = 111
``` 
Since we give a single bal file execution here, we might not need to add it. 
But don't we need to add this info somewhere? It's not in BBE. 
@warunalakshitha

Reviewer: Could be covered in #1716

Reviewer 2: IMO default case should be project.

Reviewer 2: Even example we need use a project

Author: IMO since we need to keep learn pages as simple as possible it's better to use the basic here with a single `.bal` file and add the details in #1716

Author: @warunalakshitha @HindujaB WDYT?

Reviewer 2: +1 Lets fix with config learn page.

`?` denotes that `id` is a required configuration, hence `Config.toml` file must contain a value for key `id`.
If a default value assigned, the configuration is optional, hence `Config.toml` file may or may not contain a values for
configurable variables `name` and `married`.
Consider the below `Config.toml` file.
```toml
[hello.user]
name="Ballerina"
id = 1001
name = "Jhone"
```
 Since `Config.toml` file contains a value for key `name`, the program default
value will be overridden by the value in the `Config.tomal` file.

When running a program with config API lookups, Ballerina looks for a `ballerina.conf` file in the directory where the source files are located.

If `ballerina.conf` resides in the same directory as `main.bal`, `balllerina run` can be used without any argument.
```bash
$ bal run main.bal
Hello, Ballerina !
```
To explicitly specify a configuration file, use the `--b7a.config.file` property. The path to the configuration file can be either an absolute or a relative path. 
```bash
$ bal run main.bal --b7a.config.file=path/to/conf/file/custom-config-file-name.conf
Hello, Ballerina !
```

> ### Configuring Secrets as Configuration Items

Reviewer 2: Need to add this content after fixing https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues/28067

> When running a program with configurable values, Ballerina looks for a `Config.toml` file in the directory of the source files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a program with configurable values, Ballerina looks for a `Config.toml` file in the current working directory. 
```

Reviewer 2: IMO default case should be project. We need to chnage this sample to project.
